[theme music]
Ah. There's something
that I would like to know.
Oh, yeah?
Is Hye-jin seeing someone?
[chiming music]
Is she seeing anyone or not?
I don't think so. No.
[relieved sigh]
That's good.
-Why are you asking me that?
-Hmm?
Ask her yourself if you wanna know.
Don't ask me about that.
-[clears throat]
-[quirky music]
[vocalizing]
My voice is getting hoarse.
What are you talking about, huh?
I wasn't making you gave a whole speech.
Isn't this meeting
so we can discuss the contract?
Don't you dare go back on your word now
and try and trick me.
"In the name of justice,
punishment will come for you."
[scoffs]
What's the deal?
[Seong-hyeon chuckles]
[Ji-won grunts]
-Hi.
-Hello.
-[Du-sik] Hey.
-Chief Hong, you're here too.
We've just finished,
so I'm gonna head out.
Where are you off to?
What's with all the questions today?
Don't ask, all right?
-[Do-ha] What's gotten into him?
-[Ji-won] Are you guys fighting?
Oh, no, no. Here, sit.
-[Seong-hyeon sighs]
-[Ji-won] Ah.
It's a great deal.
Chun-jae, can we get some more popcorn?
Are you trying to lose
your appetite already?
[laughs]
-Hey, how about you order real food?
-It's just so good
-and we're only here for a pint.
-[Chun-jae] Take it all then.
There's no one else here,
so sit with us. Sit.
-I was just about to.
-[Geum-cheol] Good.
[all laugh]
-Ah, Oppa. Have you found it?
-Mm?
That dress I really love.
You know, the blue one with the floral.
-Ah. Of course.
-[Yun-gyeong] Yeah.
No, I haven't.
That's so odd.
I hung it on the washline to dry,
you know. It's disappeared.
Maybe it flew away.
It's been so windy lately.
-Yeah?
-[Geum-cheol] Mm-hmm.
-I lost something too.
-Hmm? What is it?
Well, my red bra is gone.
-[Chun-jae groans in annoyance]
-Ah! Seriously?
Oh! Oh, no.
-[Yun-gyeong] Nam-suk!
-Not a good mental image at all!
-[Chun-jae] The color…
-No one would steal that.
-[groans]
-Where are your manners?
That's my underwear.
You're gonna leave another mark.
[groans]
I'm gonna walk like a dalmatian
before long.
No, you'll look like a zebra.
Really. That's enough.
Can you please say that
to the one who's hitting me here?
-By the way…
-[Nam-suk] Huh?
…how's the tooth
you got treated for the nerve issue?
In pain. Well, and the cost
was the real pain.
-Ah…
-Still, I hear
Dr. Yoon is quite a skilled dentist.
-Dr. Yoon.
-[Geum-cheol] Hmm?
Something's going on with her
-and Director Ji?
-[whispers] Really?
-Really?
-Not this again.
I heard that they're old friends.
My, oh, my. Look at her, so innocent.
Yeah. Dr. Yoon hooked up with Chief Hong
and also with that Director.
-[gasps]
-Honestly, that's a lot of talent, really.
And I'm sure those men
could do a lot better.
-[Chun-jae] That's ridiculous.
-[Mi-seon] Nam-suk!
How could you possibly say something
like that?
Ah. Look, it's Ms. Pyo.
When did you get here?
-[Nam-suk chuckles]
-Just a second ago.
Anyway, that's not Hye-jin.
The whole town gives her grief
about her beauty
so why say all these other nasty things?
Ah, don't…
[chuckles]
Don't get so serious about it.
I'm just saying what I saw
with my own eyes.
-Oh, my god.
-I'm not like that
spreading rumors online,
-so why--
-What can I get you, Ms. Pyo?
Some coffee or some fried chicken or…
-[Mi-seon] What do you have?
-[Chun-jae] Just name it.
-[chuckles]
-[Nam-suk] I only stated the facts.
You didn't make a single sound
when you came in today.
She must know Dr. Yoon didn't come home.
-[Geum-cheol] That's enough.
-[Chun-jae] She means no harm.
-Guys, cut the gossip and leave.
-[Geum-cheol] Yeah, yeah, sure.
[music on phone]
-[Ju-ri] Oh, he's so cute.
-[sighs]
A cola for Ju-ri,
milk for Bo-ra,
and green tea for I-jun.
It's hot.
What the hell? I asked for diet cola.
[Bo-ra] Don't you have strawberry milk?
Thank you, ma'am.
How come all of you kids
are in my house though?
It's because your TV is bigger.
-So I can see my JUNE even clearer.
-[sighs]
Hye-jin, can you move? Move, move.
-You're blocking the TV. Move.
-Oh. Right, right.
[sighs]
And we're here to see the hedgehog.
I apologize for interrupting
and ruining your Sunday.
[sighs]
Dr. Yoon, we picked a name for it.
Address it as "Seumseum" from now on.
-Uh, one thing about this hedgehog--
-It's Seumseum now. Seumseum.
-Okay?
-Uh-huh. Seumseum. Yeah.
When's it going home with you?
[Bo-ra] Mm…
-[door opens]
-[Mi-seon humming]
[door closes]
-[sighs]
-Hi, everyone. Hi.
-So, did you start up a kid's cafe, huh?
-[sighs]
I should've pretended to be out
when they rang the bell.
The lack of caffeine clouded my judgment.
[exhales deeply]
Hey, I just ran into Ms. Cho
at the coffee shop.
[Mi-seon] What the hell's her problem?
Wait. Why?
She was saying how you and Chief Hong
slept toge…
[K-pop music playing on TV]
Uh, let's go.
[whispering]
She was telling everyone
that you slept with Chief Hong,
and you're two-timing him now
with Ji Seong-hyeon.
-She's so annoying.
-[scoffs]
Well, that sounds like her.
She's always saying that kind of stuff.
So boring.
-Aren't you mad?
-Over something like that? No.
Besides, she's my patient.
They were saying that both men
could do much better.
-What "men"?
-The men.
The "men"?
[scoffs]
Who said that?
All of them.
Tell me who.
Just all of them.
[Seong-hyeon] Look, aren't we supposed
to go in the water?
Did they give you a camera
the second you got a job as a director?
Oh, good analogy. Very convincing.
[Du-sik] I never say any bad ones.
Does he have to do it himself?
It's just so he can have
other people do it.
Surfing is very similar to life.
When a good wave comes along for you,
you ride it and slide off gently.
Whether the days vicious or flat,
you accept it whole.
It's very philosophical. It suits me.
I can tell you it sure doesn't.
[chortles]
It's just like I said before.
-Lift your upper body…
-Right. Right.
-…and head forward
-Right.
And paddling. Here's the wave.
[Du-sik] Start paddling. Paddling.
Lift your chest more and push.
-Push.
-[Seong-hyeon] Push.
-Now, we take off.
-Take off.
-Draw your left leg closer to your chest.
-[breathes nervously]
Slowly stand up
while keeping your eyes forward.
-Hold on a second.
-Look straight ahead. Stay straight ahead.
[screams]
[Seong-hyeon grunts]
-Go again. Paddle.
-Paddling.
Paddle and push.
-Push.
-Take off.
-Left leg at your chest.
-That's it. Now keep your balance. Ugh.
-[grunts]
-Is that all you got?
-This is me at 99 percent.
-I guess it's not my forte.
-[Du-sik] Stop talking and try again.
Look straight ahead. Look straight ahead.
So now, scream loud as you can.
Starting now.
[screaming]
-Good. Now on the board.
-[screams]
Why does it seem…
like he's being tormented and hazed?
-Here we go. Eyes forward.
-[grunts]
[Do-ha] It's like being back at boot camp.
Now look ahead. Keep going, man.
It's like Chief Hong has a grudge.
-Now, push.
-Push!
-Take off.
["Romantic Sunday"
by Car, the Garden playing]
[grunts]
-[pants]
-That won't work. Stop it.
[screams]
One more. I can do it!
["Romantic Sunday"
by Car, the Garden playing]
[grunts]
-[Du-sik] Hey.
-[Seong-hyeon groans]
Is he filming some apocalyptic
disaster movie or what?
What are you saying?
It's obviously a farce.
One that ends horribly.
-I can't do this.
-You can't swim?
I've never learned.
["Romantic Sunday" by Car, the Garden
continues playing]
[both laughing]
[birds squawking]
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
I should've taken a different route.
Damn this habit of mine.
You must've seen a doctor.
Were the clinics open today?
Yeah, it's o… orthopedist
in Jinseon-dong. They were open.
-So--
-Okay. But he said you're all right?
He told me I'm really tough.
He said almost everyone he knows
would've broken a bone.
Well, I could have guessed.
Seeing that that fall didn't, uh,
cracked your skull wide open.
[scoffs]
You and your harsh choice of words.
Even the roughest sandpaper
would be more pleasant.
Leave before I grind you down.
[puffs]
[Yeong-guk] Uh, hang on a second.
Can you chat a minute?
I have something to say.
-Well, come inside.
-No, I…
I'd rather we, you know, stay out.
Huh?
-[birds squawking]
-[waves crashing]
Say what you need to say. It's hot.
[sighs]
Hwa-jeong…
our relationship as a married couple
might have ended,
but we're still old friends.
It must be serious
to have an opening like that one.
You probably know…
of my feelings for Cho-hui in the past.
-[breathes deeply]
-I thought about it a lot,
and I don't think I want to lose her
this time.
I'm planning to tell her how I feel.
-I thought you should know first--
-No, not that one.
-Why not?
-Just no. That woman's off-limits.
-And why so, huh?
-'Cause she is, huh.
Just tell me why you have such a problem.
I'm just… I'm just saying you can't,
so why do you need a reason?
Are you remembering another life
or something?
Oh, what are you saying?
I think I've wronged you
in some other long-gone life.
-[scoffs]
-Are you avenging your family?
If not, why?
[coughs]
Why are you doing this?
I mean…
What did I do that's so awful?
I got married because you wanted to…
-[scoffs]
-…and divorced you as you wanted to.
I'm perplexed as to what I've done
to deserve you ruining my life.
Hey, Hwa-jeong! Hey, Hwa-jeong! Wait!
Fine, leave then.
I guess Cho-hui and I will just--
[grunts]
I'll have a great life with Cho-hui,
so serve us a free bottle of soju
when we go to your restaurant…
[groans]
…on a date.
[groans in pain]
Push up.
[mimics waves crashing]
[Seong-hyeon] I had a blast.
-It was tricky, but I want to try again.
-Do it on your own.
I've had it with anything
that starts with an S.
Spaghetti, samseon jjajangmyeon,
Sichuan soup, shrimp skewers.
-Oh. What are…
-S… S…
-What's for dinner?
-Ah!
The nation's top variety show director
is this childish?
-The future of Korean TV shows is bright.
-Oh.
I know what I want. Mul-naengmyeon.
Ugh. After drinking all that sea water?
Ugh, no. Go by yourself.
[sighs]
It's a classic summer dish.
No.
-Come on, huh?
-[Du-sik] No.
-I don't…
-[Hye-jin] Seong-hyeon?
[Mi-seon gasps]
-Hello.
-Hey, Hye-jin. Where are you headed?
-Ah. We're just going to eat dinner.
-I see.
-And thank you again for the brunch.
-Oh. Sure.
[Mi-seon] I enjoyed it too. Thank you.
Did you say "brunch"?
-Hey, Chief Hong.
-[Du-sik] Hi.
He delivered brunch to us himself
this morning.
Oh. Bread and butter for breakfast.
Koreans should have a bowl of hot soup
and some rice.
Oh. Don't you know
how bad that can be for your health?
-She's right.
-It's extremely high in sodium.
Not so good for your digestive track.
Well, I guess you'll have
a long and healthy life then.
Yes, you know, that's the plan.
-Oh, what a nice plan you have.
-Okay, that's enough.
So what are you going for?
Uh, we… Naengmyeon.
-[Mi-seon] Naengmyeon?
-[Hye-jin] Since it's so hot.
-I was about to go for some too.
-[Hye-jin] Really?
-Can I join you?
-Oh, sure.
[Mi-seon] Wait…
That reminds me. I've gained
so much, so much weight recently.
So I've been planning
to go on a diet, you see.
Don't be ridiculous.
-What are you talking about?
-Oh, I… I've gained tons.
They said you should strike the iron
while hot,
so today will be day one.
Go without me. Go and enjoy the day.
Have a fun time, all right?
[sighs]
What's with her?
So it'll be just the two of us then?
-Sure.
-Why is it just you? I'm here too.
You didn't want naengmyeon.
I was against mul-naengmyeon.
But, but, but bibim-naengmyeon is good.
Let's go. I'll lead the way.
Ah. Come on. I know a good place.
-Let's go.
-Gosh.
-Sure.
[Du-sik] They serve a mean
mul-naengmyeon here.
-[Seong-hyeon] Really?
-[Du-sik] Bibim-naengmyeon is good too.
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
-[Seong-hyeon inhales deeply]
-[background chatter]
It's so hot.
-[Hye-jin exhales deeply]
-[bright music]
[Hye-jin] I can't wait.
-[huffs]
-[Du-sik] Ah. Thank you.
Mr. Ji, you love conquering
the menu alone.
Go ahead. We'll share this one.
Right. Yeah, here. You can keep that one.
We'll share this one.
Here.
-[Du-sik] All right.
-[Hye-jin] Let's see.
[Seong-hyeon] She said "we."
-We could get dumplings, huh?
-Sure.
[Hye-jin] How many? Two plates?
Two plates?
How many should we order?
Mm. Well…
[clears throat]
Uh, I'm good with anything.
[Du-sik] "Anything"? We asked how many.
-[Hye-jin] Well--
-Let's go with three.
[waitress] Be careful. It's hot.
[customer]
Could we got some sauce over here?
[waitress] Sure. One moment.
Isn't three plates too many?
[Du-sik] Mm-mm. Don't worry about that.
He'll probably clear all our plates.
[Hye-jin] Then go ahead.
-Please have some more.
-[Seong-hyeon] Hmm?
[Hye-jin] I can't eat all of these.
Are you sure
you wouldn't want these yourself?
Seong-hyeon, just watching you enjoy them
fills me up.
[both laughing]
Here. Have another.
[Du-sik] That's for me.
-[mutters]
-I already had dibs on it.
Ah. What are you doing?
[chomping]
[Seong-hyeon] What was that?
Why would you even do that?
[breathes heavily]
[mumbling]
It's just that hers seemed bigger. Sorry.
[scoffs]
[Hye-jin] Don't tell me you hog food too.
[Nam-suk] Look at you working so hard.
[sighs]
Why aren't you preparing
for the dinner rush?
Everything's prepped already.
I heard you met with Yu Cho-hui
at a restaurant the other day.
-[sighs]
-[Nam-suk] What did you two do?
I hope you didn't clobber her like this
or spray salt on her.
-Oh, is it raining out?
-[Nam-suk] What?
It's great weather today.
Hardly a speck of dust.
That's too bad.
But you still deserve a beating.
-What are you doing? Oh!
-Get over here, you little…
-What's wrong?
-I have… I have a cramp right here.
-A cramp?
-Yes.
-All of a sudden?
-Yeah.
-Where?
-Right here.
-Is it here?
-[yelps]
-Or here?
-Are you crazy?
-[Hwa-jeong] Here?
-Goodness me.
-Get out of here.
-Oh. You and your foul temper.
-Ow! Stop, it hurts! Ow!
-Just get out, you little…
[both] Oh.
Hello.
[chuckles]
[Nam-suk] Hey. It's you.
Hi, Cho-hui.
-[Nam-suk] Go on in.
-Hi. Right.
Don't mind me.
Hwa-jeong, perhaps you could spare
some time?
Sure.
-Co… Come on in.
-[Cho-hui] Thanks.
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
[Hwa-jeong] I'm a little busy.
So, uh, what's going on?
Oh. Well…
I came to give you this.
I bought a set for you
when I was buying cosmetics for myself.
It's for wrinkles.
Why though?
Do I… Are you saying
I have too many wrinkles?
No, no, it's not like that.
I thought it works really well,
so I wanted you to try it too.
Cho-hui,
I don't want to use
the same cosmetics as you
or hang out with you.
Sorry?
You wanted the three of us
to go back to being good friends again,
and I really can't.
How could we, you know?
You realized Yeong-guk and I divorced, so…
[somber music]
You see, my life isn't going well enough
to play along
and entertain you, so…
Um…
Well, I'm sorry, Hwa-jeong.
I was inconsiderate.
[Hwa-jeong] Ms. Yu.
Please don't come around like this
unannounced. Okay?
Folks don't appreciate teachers
meeting certain parents outside of school.
[inhales deeply]
I'm sorry, ma'am. It was careless.
I admit that.
[deep sigh]
[somber music continues]
[huffs, clears throat]
[sighs]
[Hye-jin] I had no idea
you'd go into variety shows.
-I thought you'd become a reporter.
-[Seong-hyeon chuckles]
I guess it wasn't meant to be.
See, when I interviewed for the newsroom,
they told me my voice
was better as an anchor
so I change past to that.
-An anchor? Hmm.
-Oh.
You have no idea
how incredibly popular he was.
Girls would sit around our campus lawn
just to get a glimpse of him.
It was wild.
All just to hear his voice.
Hah.
Talk about taking something
way out of proportion.
It's true.
Hey, Hye-jin. You never did though
because you were so busy.
You were busy?
With what kind of stuff, huh?
Ah. To earn my tuition,
I've worked a lot of part-time gigs.
You were so busy the first time
I saw you in class.
-You still remember?
-Of course.
Incredible. Your memory
is really sharp, huh?
[chuckles]
So how did you two first meet?
-[light music]
-[indistinct chatter]
Excuse me.
Are you Yoon Hye-jin, the dental nature?
That's me. Yeah.
I'm Ji Seong-hyeon.
Hello.
[soft chuckle]
Oh, we're in the same group, so we can
talk about the project over dinner?
I'm sorry, I… I've got to work after this.
-Ah.
-Just a second.
[light music continues]
Okay. Here's my number.
Let me know what I should do
for the project,
-and I'll be sure to get it done.
-And dinner?
How can you work on an empty stomach?
Ah. My dinner?
It's here.
[chuckles softly]
This.
-It's…
-My dinner.
Can you survive on that?
Sure. It's more than enough.
[exhales]
Hold on a second.
Here.
[bag clatters]
Let's swap.
Uh… No, it's fine.
I'll enjoy this.
[chuckles]
-But…
-I'll text you.
Wait. Uh… Hold on.
Bye.
Oh.
[Hye-jin] Come to think of it,
you took meals seriously even back then.
How was I supposed to do nothing
when a junior student said
that one sausage was a dinner?
-I had to give you what I had.
-[laughs]
For a second, I thought you had
a Mary Poppins' magic bag.
-The food kept coming out of it.
-[both laugh]
-What was it again?
-[Seong-hyeon] You had a sausage stick
-and I had--
-[Hye-jin] A fish cake bar?
No, not that. A sandwich. What the hell?
-
-[Hye-jin gasps]
-[Hye-jin] Are you all right?
-[Du-sik] Gosh.
-[Seong-hyeon] Chief Hong, come on.
-[Du-sik] Are you okay?
-What…
-[Hye-jin] Watch it, will you?
-You needed water.
-[Seong-hyeon sighs]
I didn't do it on purpose, you know.
[sighs]
Ah, jeez.
-Are you okay?
-[Seong-hyeon] I'm fine.
-Okay.
-[chair scrapes]
[Seong-hyeon] It's all good.
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
[Hye-jin] I was hoping
to get the bill this time.
You can't buy two meals in one day.
Buying a meal for a junior
makes the senior proud, all right?
Don't take that away from me.
-Oh, gosh.
-[Du-sik] Here.
For naengmyeon and dumplings.
And I ate one of her six dumplings,
so in total, 13,000.
It's fine. Just call it my treat.
Forget it. Why would I let you pay
when you're not my senior?
Repay me with a meal then.
It seems cold to go Dutch like this.
That is a highly problematic mode of fun.
He's right. You should respect his ways.
[sighs]
All right, fine. Gosh.
I'll get going. See ya.
-[Seong-hyeon] Shall we?
-He has weird taste in women.
How can he see her in that way?
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
CHUNG-HO SCUBA DIVING
[Hye-jin] Your treatment ended well today.
Since the filling's weak,
we'll use a gold inlay for it
as I suggested last time.
-We'll get a mold today.
-Uh, Dr. Yoon, hold on.
I'd rather just leave it as is.
Sorry?
You don't have to do the gold thing.
I'm really all right. Thanks a lot.
Are you saying you wannna skip the inlay?
Uh-huh.
I drilled into the tooth
so the inside is exposed.
There'll be acute pain.
It's okay. I know I can handle it.
Uh…
So I only have to pay for the treatment
up till today. Is that right?
[nervous chuckle]
Uh, thank you, doctor.
Thank you.
[chuckles]
-What?
-Ms. Pyo, I'd like to pay my bill, please.
[door slides opened]
[Mi-seon humming]
[scoffs, clicks tongue]
-[Mi-seon] Here you go.
-Thank you very much.
[nervous chuckle, whispers]
Call me.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
[mysterious music]
[whispering]
I think she found someone
who will do it cheaper.
[sighs]
I've met my fair share of weird patients.
She's a first though.
What a stingy woman.
[sucks teeth]
She has never once offered us
free fried dumplings
when we ordered seafood soup
and tangsuyuk.
-That's right.
-That's not all.
The other day, she took
all our complimentary coffee packets.
I thought that you had started drinking
a ton of coffee.
Of course, it wasn't me.
[sighs]
She's the worst.
Ah. Thank you. Am I really allowed
to get all this free coffee though?
Of course. You're a star client.
[chuckles]
But I don't really feel like it.
The low interest rate makes me sad
whenever I check my account.
-[chuckles]
-Speaking of which,
could you give me a little warning
when a high-interest rate account
offered here?
A-ha. You promised.
Thanks a lot. I'll hold you to that.
[chuckles]
Have a good day.
-Yun-gyeong, wait!
-Huh?
You can't lift these
when you're this far along.
-Ah. Sorry.
-You should've called me.
I… It… It's just…
[grunts]
You go in, I'll carry these.
Ah. Uh, no.
How were you going
to manage this yourself?
Gosh, these are heavy.
[grunts]
-Oh, Chief Hong.
-Oh. Hi there, Director Ji.
I was on the road
when I saw her struggling with these.
It's all right. I've got it from here,
so get going. You're a busy man.
I have enough time for this.
[scoffs]
I'll get it done.
It's fine.
Director Ji offered to help first,
so I'll call if I need any extra help.
-[Seong-hyeon grunts]
-[Du-sik] Huh?
[Seong-hyeon] Where do these go?
Those go in the fridge.
-Up over, over there.
-Okay.
-See ya!
-[Du-sik grunts]
[pants]
[playful music]
What…
Jeez.
[exhales]
[Du-sik] What delicious treat
are you three enjoy?
That young television director
brought us all of this.
[Suk-ja] What are they called again?
-Canola?
-Director?
How could you have such a bad memory
when you're years younger than me?
These are eclairs while these are canelés.
-Canelés. Oh.
-[Suk-ja] Who cares what they're called
-as long as they're delicious?
-Director? Ah, Direc… Uh-huh.
Well, he's kept busy.
He's showing up all over this town, huh.
[scoffs]
What is he, Hong Gil-dong?
I'm the Hong.
-[Gam-ri] Huh?
-[Suk-ja] Hmm?
[birds squawking]
[nervous chuckle]
Oh, uh, Ms. Gam-ri,
what's with the bundle there?
I agreed that I would rent my entire
house up, you see, for a whole month.
Those coming and going
would feel uncomfortable if I stay.
Oh. Oh. What about where you'll stay then.
-[Gam-ri] Well…
-How about with me?
As if I would put out a grown young man,
Du-sik. I mean, really…
I have lots of room offers
available anyway.
[all chuckle]
-Hold on. Can you follow me for a second?
-Why?
My suitcase is up on top of a high shelf,
so I can't get it down.
-Really?
-[Gam-ri grunts]
-[Du-sik] Let me. In the other room?
-[Gam-ri] Yes.
-[Du-sik] Okay.
-[Gam-ri] I need your help.
-She should stay with you.
-[gasps]
-Ah! No. You're better friends with her.
-You have it all wrong.
She would really prefer to stay with you,
you know.
-No, no, she prefers you.
-No, no, it's you.
-It sure was up there.
-You should take her.
I told you so.
-She's staying at my house.
-Uh, no, at my house.
Are you kidding me?
-She'll stay with me.
-Oh, come on.
[Du-sik] Since you're both
this excited about it,
I have no choice but to relent.
Hold on a sec.
Uh, you're a real tough competition.
We could have a contest.
All right.
[Du-sik sighs]
Here we go.
All right, ladies,
everybody knows the rules.
The one with the highest card
will offer Ms. Gam-ri a room. Okay?
[playful music]
-Hmm.
-All right. Take your pick.
[Suk-ja] This one.
[Du-sik] Oh-ho.
This is what I call cut-throat.
-[Mat-i grunts]
-[Du-sik] That's nice to see.
Drum roll, please. And show us!
-[Mat-i] Here.
-[Gam-ri] Huh?
-[Du-sik] Here you go.
-[Gam-ri] You won.
Yours is four while yours is five.
-[applause]
-[Gam-ri chuckles]
Ms. Mat-i, congratulations.
[groans]
It's too bad that I lost.
Lucky you, Mat-i.
You two will have so much fun together.
[Mat-i chuckles]
-[strained groan]
-[chuckles]
When we leave later, be sure you grab
all of my bags. There's a lot of stuff.
-Sure.
-Ms. Gam-ri, you're one lucky lady.
[all chuckle]
What now?
Why are you here during office hours?
What about your patients?
[Hye-jin] I have some time
before my next one.
You're serving as a cashier today?
I'll be retiring at exactly five o'clock.
[scoffs]
-[humming]
-[plastic rustling]
[humming continues]
Why not those?
Eating food like that will shatter
your dream of longevity.
-[scanner beeps]
-[scoffs]
-And why would you care?
-Card.
What's that around your neck, Ms. Dentist?
Uh, it helps with my neck problem.
[sighs]
Oh, I can't believe I left this on.
[chiming music]
["My Romance" by CHEEZE playing]
Well, get on with it.
-What?
-The card and receipt.
Oh. Oh.
[clears throat]
Here.
Got a problem with your neck?
Part of the job.
When you look down
into other people's mouths all day.
[Hye-jin] How could it not be sore?
I bet you thought I had it easy.
How did I give you that idea?
My vision is getting worse,
and I deal with chemicals.
It's not an easy job. See you.
["My Romance" by CHEEZE continues playing]
What's happening?
Get a grip, Du-sik.
Dang it.
[woman 1] Oh. Yeah.
Can I have a hot sauce, please?
[woman 2] Oh, no.
It's never too hard. Come on.
[sighs, sniffles]
[woman 3] I think, uh,
we should order another dish.
[deep exhale]
A neck brace.
It helps with my neck problem.
[clicks tongue]
[sighs]
[object thuds]
Why did I ask? Now it's on my mind.
Ding-dong. Ding-dong.
A late visit?
[Geum-cheol] What's with
all the pieces of wood?
What's that?
Some kind of weird guillotine?
-[chuckles]
-That's not even that funny.
So tell me. What are these for?
Go on. Tell me why you're here.
Seeking shelter. I can't go home
until Yun-gyeong's asleep.
What happened this time?
Well, she suddenly started craving durian
which we had in Thailand on our honeymoon.
She told me to go and find it.
[chuckles]
Why would she suddenly get so obsessed
with that stinky fruit?
The child she bears
is the one who wants it.
-I know that.
-[thuds]
That's even scarier.
And what if the kid is worse than Bo-ra?
Bo-ra's adorable. What are you saying?
Then raise her yourself.
-Oh, you and your attitude--
-That reminds me.
The POS crashed again.
Maybe it's time for a new one.
Why didn't you call me?
Director Ji saw and stop by to fix it.
-What?
-Being a TV show director
made him very good with tech.
Hey, come on, man.
Why didn't you call?
You charged
and I didn't have to pay anything.
[quirky music]
[loud thud]
[distant dogs barking]
[Cho-hui sighs]
[moans]
-[ominous music]
-[Cho-hui breathes heavily]
Hey! What do you think you're doing?
Who do you think you're taking, huh?
How dare you touch her! Bastard!
Oh. Cho-hui.
Are you all right?
Cho-hui? Oh, my goodness.
Cho-hui, it's Hwa-jeong.
Cho-hui. Open your eyes.
[ominous music continues]
-[door opens]
-[alarm beeps]
[breathes angrily]
[grunts]
[ominous music fades]
[birds squawking]
-[woman] Oh, my goodness.
-[Geum-cheol] Is that true?
-What a sick bastard.
-[Mi-seon] Hello, everyone!
-Yes, hello.
-Hello.
What are you all doing here?
-[Yun-gyeong] Did you hear the news?
-[Mi-seon] What news?
-There was an awful thing here.
-What?
Did you know Ms. Yu Cho-hui
was almost abducted by a man last night?
-What?
-[gasps]
Mm-hmm.
Is she, um, okay, though?
[object clattering]
Hwa-jeong.
-Oh, you're up.
-[grunts]
What happened?
What am I doing in the hospital?
Why would you get so drunk
that you can't walk home properly?
Some sick bastard
almost ran off with you last night.
Imagine if I wasn't there.
Are you saying you… you rescued me?
-[door slides opened]
-Cho-hui! Cho-hui! Cho-hui!
Oh, Cho-hui, are you all right?
Oh, you're not hurt, are you?
I almost lost it when I heard
what had happened.
-Oppa.
-That's right.
It's me. Yeong-guk. I'm oppa. Oh, gosh.
[Hwa-jeong] The test came back,
and she only has a mild concussion.
The doctor will be here to see her
in just a second.
-All right?
-Oh. Yeah?
Now you're here, I'll head out.
I have a business to run.
Yes, you're busy. Go. Get out.
[Cho-hui] Thank you.
-Hwa-jeong.
-Mm. Rest up.
[Yeong-guk] Cho-hui, let me see you.
-Can you see well?
-[Cho-hui] Yes.
[Yeong-guk] My gosh. I can't believe
something like this happened.
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
CHUNG-HO SCUBA DIVING
You want the nerve pain treated,
and you don't want a dental crown?
That's right.
[chuckles]
-Why?
-Sorry?
You're not… you're not the first patient
who's wanted to skip the inlay
or the crown.
Can I ask you the reason?
Well…
[sighs]
[groans]
I'm not supposed to say.
[Ju-ri whining]
-Ju-ri!
-Ms. Cho!
Why is my sweet Ju-ri all upset?
-Fighting with your father?
-No, it's not that.
New DOS merchandise dropped,
and my dad won't give me allowance for it.
Oh. Is that so?
I know you got the photo cards
and phone holders already, so what's this?
A shirt that says "Hacker"
embroidered on the front.
It comes in four colors,
red, yellow, black, and white.
-It's the greatest-looking DOS shirt yet.
-[both chuckle]
-Four in total?
-Yes!
-Then you should at least get one.
-Right?
[humming]
Here.
Oh! You're the best.
I'll place an order right away.
Get the red one.
It looks so nice on you. Yeah.
-You're the best.
-Don't tell papa.
-Okay.
-Good.
Good. Now promise something.
Just name it and consider it done. Okay.
-You heard about Ms. Yu, yeah?
-Yeah.
Promise you won't wander alone
late at night.
Call me if you ever stay out late,
and I'll come walk with you.
-All right?
-Oh, you really are the best.
[chuckles]
Oh, you.
-[Nam-suk] My sweet puppy.
-Ms. Cho.
Yes? Oh.
Did you call me?
I've run out of patience.
You know, I was offended by the rumors
that you spread about me, I let it slide.
But I won't stand for this.
How could you do this to me?
Why on earth are you coming at me
with this when I did nothing wrong?
I think you should, uh,
at least explain a little.
You introduced my clients
to a dental technician you know.
A dental technician?
You said to have me treat their cavities
and then go over
to your dental technician's place
to get them filled at a lower price.
Well, that's…
It's an illegal,
unlicensed medical activity.
How could you expose my clients to that?
-Gosh, Ju-ri.
-Yes?
-You should head home.
-Yeah, to buy the shirt.
-[Ju-ri] I'll see you around.
-[Nam-suk] The grown-ups need to talk.
Bye.
[Nam-suk laughs]
Dr. Yoon, what do you mean it's illegal?
Let's face it. The only difference
is some little dental degrees.
It's not like dentistry
require some incredible skill.
What did you just say?
I heard it all, you know.
The mold you create
is taken to a dental technician
who makes it for you and brings it over.
All you do is go and stick it on,
but you charge so much for it.
Stick it on?
When any inlay or crown is fitted,
it shouldn't affect
the person's bite at all.
It's so important to make sure of that
when it's time to put in a filling.
Okay, sure.
Everyone in town already knows
that all of you dentists are frauds.
Why else would they have listened to
when I told them?
It's so expensive and you haven't earned
their trust, you know.
What you just said to me
is an insult to my whole field.
Apologize right now.
-I--
-[Du-sik] Say you're sorry.
-[Nam-suk] Du-sik?
-I heard it all and you crossed the line.
What…
How would you feel if Ms. Dentist
badmouthed every Chinese restaurant?
[stammers]
Oh, what…
Come on, Du-sik.
How could you just go and defend her
without knowing the whole story?
-I wasn't--
-That is… that's exactly what you did.
Is it because you two…
You've known me longer than her, but you…
[breathes angrily]
Forget it. I won't apologize.
Do whatever you want. I'm just so upset.
-[Nam-suk] Oh, my gosh.
-Why are you crying?
[sighs]
Darn it.
There was no need to be that harsh.
[scoffs]
I know the character is supposed
to lounge around and have fun all day,
but doing some work can be fun.
Like diving to catch fish.
Right.
Director? Director Ji?
-Huh?
-[Ji-won] What's up?
-Why weren't you listening?
-Uh, I, uh…
I think his thoughts are wandering.
And why do you keep fidgeting
with the stuffed llama? It'll get dirty.
What? When did I do that?
[sighs]
The whole neighborhood
feels unsettled today.
So much for light energy.
Tell me about it. An attempted abduction?
Women living alone must be terrified.
Of course, they would be.
We hear about ladies
being victims of crimes almost every day.
[Ji-won] So what now?
How about an early dinner
and then we can all take a break?
Sounds great. Yeah.
-What was that?
-[Ji-won] Jeez.
Enjoy.
[Do-ha] What?
What now?
Didn't I call for a break?
Du-sik?
What took you so long? I've been waiting.
You'll patrol the area, right?
-Yes. How did you know that?
-[scoffs]
Because I know you. You're not
the type to just do whatever you're told.
Let's go.
-Are you coming too?
-Of course.
It's the duty and honor of the town chief
to protect people from danger
and tighten security, I think.
-Really?
-Of course.
Where is that written?
-I guess you missed that part.
-I must have.
[chuckles]
-But--
-We're off.
[Eun-cheol] Where is that written?
Are you sure?
I don't think I ever came across it.
[Hye-jin] I'm gonna call the cops.
That dental technician will be arrested.
Ms. Cho too, as a broker.
Hey. I wouldn't call her a broker.
I don't think she had evil intent.
To me, she is, though.
A villain. Evil woman.
I don't know.
I think the real villain
is the monster who tried to abduct Ms. Yu.
Yeah. I know.
[sighs]
It must be true
how small towns are more dangerous.
-Terrifying.
-[sighs]
Eun-cheol will be busier now.
Once again, my love life is put on hold.
Is that really…
-the only reason for it?
-[scoffs]
Oh.
Eun-cheol and I
had a rotisserie chicken moment.
Rotisserie chicken?
A dating rookie like you
couldn't possibly understand it.
-Really.
-Oh, is that necessary?
You're definitely not an expert.
Anyone else would've gotten
Ji Seong-hyeon's obvious signals.
That's just being kind-hearted.
It's always how he lives his life.
-He's nice to the whole world.
-Listen, friend. I'm serious.
Guys aren't nice like that
for just any old girl.
What guy would deliver
a whole freaking brunch
right to your doorstep
on a Sunday morning?
[sighs]
Fate made him find you again.
Just think about it.
-You and Chief Hong are friends anyway.
-Hey.
What this does have to do with him?
I'm just asking 'cause…
'cause it's all in the past now.
Is Chief Hong a good kisser?
Are you crazy? Unbelievable.
It's just that he's good at everything.
Since he is,
I was wondering about that department too.
-It had me curious.
-No, no. No.
I don't remember at all.
My gosh. It sure is hot.
Your cheeks tell me you do, I think.
-Let's go home.
-You do.
-You remember it clearly.
-[Hye-jin] I don't.
-[Mi-seon] I know you do.
-Hye-jin!
Seong-hyeon, what brings you here?
I have some free time. Are you free?
-Well--
-[Mi-seon] Yes.
Also, I have plans
and should be heading over. Over…
-What--
-You don't have any plans.
Oh. Yes, I do, I have.
Have a great time both of you then.
I… I, uh…
[chuckles]
She gets cheeky like that a lot.
[exhales]
Gosh, you're sweating like a horse.
Did you run here?
I did, because I couldn't wait.
What's going on?
I have something to give to you.
[grunting]
Damn it.
-Oh, what's this?
-Here.
-[baton shrills]
-Oh, my gosh.
-Uh, uh, hold on.
-[shrilling stops]
-[Hye-jin] That's loud.
-Sorry.
[sniffs, coughs]
[Seong-hyeon] Uh, here.
[groans]
[Hye-jin] What are all these?
Uh, a, a gift for, uh…
opening your clinic.
-Huh?
-It's so random, isn't it?
Well, uh…
I heard about what just happened in town.
Ah. You heard it too.
Yeah. It had me worried,
so I bought what I could find for you
at the local store.
Lastly…
-[bag rustles]
-…take this too. Here.
[chuckles]
A doll.
Not just any doll. It's for luck.
I once went to Peru to film something
and learned that the people there believe
that a mummified llama on a roof
can bring good luck.
A real llama?
Yeah. But I couldn't board a plane
with a mummified animal,
so that's when our local guide
bought me this since then for protection.
Well, then, it has so much value to you.
You can't give this to me.
It's not forever.
It's just, uh, a good luck rental for you.
[chuckles]
Thanks, Seong-hyeon.
Your luck sure is adorable. Hey.
[both laugh]
Whoo! Okay. Come on.
I'll walk you back home.
-Sure. It's, uh, this way.
-Let's go.
-[birds squawking]
-Wow.
It's an expandable baton.
-[baton shrills]
-[both groan]
-[Seong-hyeon] God. It is loud.
-[Hye-jin chuckles]
[Hye-jin] My ears.
[rain pattering]
[Du-sik] It's raining.
It wasn't mentioned in the forecast.
You should go home. I can do this alone.
Forget it. A bit of rain's not too scary.
Should we split up? That'd go faster.
I'll go this way.
-Be careful.
-You too.
[sighs]
[rain pattering]
The light still hasn't been fixed.
I sent a request since a long ago.
[scoffs]
It's gotten dark.
Is Ms. Dentist not home yet?
[Du-sik] Hmm.
Hold on.
Ah.
[exhales sharply]
Good, it's not wet.
Then…
-Oh, this. Will you stay there?
-[gate creaks]
-[Seong-hyeon] You're soaked.
-[Hye-jin] Tell me about it.
Seong-hyeon, you should take that home
with you later. I'll lend it to you.
Then we both lent each other something.
-Right.
-[both chuckle]
-[soft gasp]
-Oh.
-Chief Hong.
-Ms. Dentist, Director Ji.
Why are you out in the rain?
I'm on patrol.
I'm glad I ran into you.
This is northern ginseng.
[Du-sik] I got too much at home
and didn't want it to rot.
-So I brought it for you.
-Oh. Oh.
-Why are you out in the rain? Get in here.
-Chief Hong…
Yeah. We can walk together.
It's fine. It won't kill me.
I only need to patrol up there anyway.
Hang on. I'll head back home
and get an umbrella for you.
No, it's fine. Good night.
[Seong-hyeon] Uh…
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
-[sighs]
-[door closes]
[calm music]
[exhales, sniffles]
[grunts]
[sighs]
[sighs deeply]
[sniffles]
[sighs]
[calm music continues]
[chuckles]
[snickers]
Cute.
I offered an umbrella,
why didn't he take it?
[faint rain pattering]
[soft gasp]
So is this northern ginseng?
Northern ginseng.
OGAPI
"Good for herniated discs."
[scoffs]
He was throwing this out? Lucky.
[sniffs]
How does one eat this stuff though?
In tea?
[blows]
[sips]
Oh, gosh, it's bitter.
How is anyone supposed to drink this?
Oh.
[exhales]
-[slurps]
-[gentle music]
-[cup thuds]
-Mm.
I should at least say thanks.
[clears throat]
MS. DENTIST
[Du-sik coughing]
[phone buzzes]
-[line rings]
-[sips]
[operator] The person you are trying
to reach is unavailable at the moment.
[phone beeps]
Guess he's busy.
[gentle music continues]
-[birds squawking]
-[waves crashing]
[Du-sik] Hello.
Chief Hong,
shouldn't we get the tarp ready
in case it rains like yesterday?
We can have it cover this area right here.
Ah. That way, it could block the sun also.
-Chief Hong.
-[clears throat]
You look really awful.
Exactly. I told him to rest,
but he won't listen.
[coughs]
I'm perfectly fine.
[clears throat]
Why are you coughing then?
[clicks tongue, grunts]
-Dude, is it because of the rain?
-Ah! Seriously?
Little rain never killed anyone.
Do I need to get you a tarp then?
[clears throat]
Yeah, when you can. But take it easy.
It's fine. I'll get one for you.
[sniffs]
[sighs, clicks tongue]
-[grunts]
-[phone buzzes]
Oh, gosh.
Yes. Hello?
[Ms. Kim] Hi, I'm calling from Duri Bank.
Ah, yes. Ms. Kim. Hello.
-Pardon? Ah, yes. That's right.
-Yeah.
Well, I'm calling you about
a new high-interest savings plan.
[gasps]
Oh, my goodness. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh? I thought that your office
is close on Sundays?
It is, but only a handful of people
can get the new plan,
it'll be too late
if you wait until Monday.
I'm calling you first secretly
before the slots fill up.
Oh, goodness, I'm so grateful.
[squeals]
-[mysterious music]
-[birds squawking]
[panting]
[sighs, sniffles]
[snickers]
[Nam-suk clears throat]
[sighs]
Ah, were you perhaps sent by Ms. Kim
from the bank?
Uh, yes. Yes, ma'am.
Ah. Then, hello. So this will start
that savings plan
with a 15 percent interest rate, right?
Of course.
Then be careful.
I need the money for something important.
[laughs]
-[man] All right, then.
-[Hye-jin] Hold on a second.
Ah. Dr. Yoon, what are you doing here?
[Hye-jin] Do you have money in there?
Is this man someone you know?
Uh, oh…
Why are you giving him your money here?
Ah. Well, that's…
I don't need to explain myself to you.
-[man] Uh…
-So you're scamming her, huh?
-Huh?
-What did he say?
The prosecution? A loan?
That's not the case.
I'm not a fool, you know.
-He was sent by the bank earlier.
-Yes.
And this morning,
I also talked to my financial consultant.
-What's the name of your consultant?
-Ms. Kim Mi-yeong.
[man] Oh, shit!
Damn it.
[Hye-jin grunts]
Oh!
[man] Damn it!
-[panting]
-[Nam-suk] No! Hey!
Oh, you're sweating.
-Can't you please just go and lay down?
-Let it go.
I value human health if you realize.
You're making me the evil employer.
It's fine though. I called Geum-cheol,
and his store has the right tarp for us.
-The hardware store?
-Mm-hmm.
-I wonder if the POS works better now.
-[clears throat]
Why are you all up in people's business?
-That's my job, you know.
-I was only just… Ow!
[Du-sik] Who was that?
-Hey, get that man!
-Ms. Dentist?
Hye-jin?
[both grunt]
[both panting]
Damn it!
[panting]
-[man] Damn it.
-[Du-sik] Stop!
If only I hadn't jogged today.
[pants]
[man] Damn it.
[both panting]
[man] Goddamn it!
Don't follow me.
Damn it. God, that bastard.
-[Seong-hyeon] Hey!
-[man] Damn it!
Stop following me, you prick.
[grunts]
Chief Hong, where did you go?
Chief Hong!
Damn it.
[man screams]
[quirky music]
[man groans]
Damn it.
[man screams, grunts]
-[both grunt]
-Hey!
[yelping]
-Let go of me!
-Would you let you go?
Huh? Anyway, what's your crime?
Theft? Fraud?
You ran after me and you don't know why?
-Because Ms. Dentist said to.
-[man] Damn it.
Oh, man, I'm tired.
-Oh, you caught him.
-Oh, director.
Took you long enough.
Can you grab the money?
As you can see, my hands are full.
[pants]
-[Du-sik] Just lie still.
-[man] You little…
[Du-sik sighs]
Good. Good.
-[man] Ah! That hurts. Ah!
-[Du-sik] Give me your arm.
-Here, here, here. Here, here, here.
-Argh! Fine, take it.
-Here you go.
-[woman] Oh, my gosh. How terrible.
-[indistinct chatter]
[sobbing]
I can't afford to lose that, Hwa-jeong.
My A-ram…
[wailing]
Are you hurt anywhere?
[wails]
I can't afford to lose that money!
[Eun-cheol] Du-sik?
Arrest him.
Hey!
[screaming]
-Where is my money?
-Ma'am…
I need it!
Please calm down. Calm down.
Your money's right here. Okay?
[gasps]
Oh. What? Director Ji!
-Oh, Director Ji, thank you so much.
-Uh…
Actually, it was Chief Hong
who caught the guy.
Du-sik, thank you.
[crying]
[Du-sik] Keep it safe.
[Nam-suk] Uh-huh. I will. Thank you.
Come with us to the station.
-Okay.
-Ms. Cho, you sure are gullible.
You should've been more careful.
How could you have fallen for that?
Why are you yelling at the victim
when he's the one at fault here?
[Lee] Well, I didn't mean it like that.
That damn scumbag is the problem.
-[Eun-cheol] This way, ma'am.
-Hey, you. Hey.
Officer, can I ride with you?
But then you would have to sit
with the criminal.
Ah. Then, you should be more worried
about him.
Be careful, everyone.
[crying]
Thank you!
[screams]
You rat bastard!
-I'll keep you updated.
-Sure thing.
-[siren blaring]
-[Nam-suk wailing]
Thanks, Seong-hyeon.
No, I actually didn't really do much.
Oh, thanks, Chief Hong.
I only did what I had to do.
-What?
-Did you get hurt?
It's, uh, nothing.
[clears throat]
You don't look so good either.
I'm sorry, but I need to call it a day.
Geum-cheol knows what you need.
Good thinking.
Don't worry, and get some rest.
See you around.
[Du-sik clears throat]
[serene music]
[Seong-hyeon] Hye-jin.
You even chase phishing scammers, do you?
[chuckling]
No, no.
It was all thanks to you
and Chief Hong that he was caught.
It was cool of you.
[Hye-jin] Mm-hmm.
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
[serene music continues]
[moans]
[coughing]
[doorbell chimes]
-[coughing]
-[chiming continues]
Ms. Dentist?
[Du-sik coughs]
What are you doing here?
[Hye-jin] I'm here on a house call.
I'm good. Don't. I…
[thermal scanner beeps]
[beeping continues]
You sure talk a lot
for someone at 102. Move.
[Du-sik] But…
[sighs]
[coughs]
[coughing]
[sighs]
Sit down.
Just leave the drugs and go.
[sighs]
Listen to your doctor.
[scoffs]
Doctor?
Didn't you say you were only a dentist?
[coughs]
Let's see that arm.
Um, red ointment? That stings a lot.
You know you won't find
a better antiseptic than this.
Extend your arm.
This will sting a bit.
[sucks teeth]
[Du-sik] Gosh, that stings.
[Du-sik sucks teeth]
[blows]
[gentle music]
Your face is even redder than before.
That's because I'm running a fever.
They say not even dogs
catch colds in summer.
By the way, have you eaten anything?
No.
Is there anything you're craving?
It's fine. You treated me,
so I'll just rest.
You're sick. All right, just tell me.
And who knows?
Maybe what you want will appear.
As if.
What could I even want? Tangerines?
-You serious?
-I don't have an appetite,
so I thought of something tangy.
Acidic food is bad for an empty stomach.
You should have porridge instead.
[Du-sik coughs, clears throat]
Everything gets delivered these days.
-[Du-sik sniffling]
-[Hye-jin sighs]
No porridge places in this little town.
How about jokbal?
Uh…
Raw fish with a little dash of lemon.
Go home already.
Do you have rice?
[coughs]
For what, huh?
You're not supposed to be sick alone.
Everyone knows that.
Except for you, apparently.
-What now?
-Lie down.
[Du-sik sighs]
[coughs]
Even if you hear plates breaking
or hear some screaming,
just please keep away from the kitchen.
All right?
Just don't burn my house down.
Mm-hmm.
[coughs]
[ceramic clinking]
What was that? Something just shattered.
[coughs]
Did you break something?
[Hye-jin] No, I didn't.
[sighs, coughs]
[exhales]
I'm too sick to see what happened.
[objects clatter]
My kitchen… Oh.
She's tearing it down.
[clattering continues]
Ugh. Nothing will be left.
Well, he actually fell asleep.
It's not like him to listen to me.
[paper rustles]
[Mi-seon] Is Chief Hong a good kisser?
[calm music]
[calm music rises]
Oh, I must be going nuts. What's with me?
Whew.
I'm out of it. Hye-jin, you're going nuts.
[Hye-jin] You're completely losing it.
-You--
-Oh, Dr. Yoon, are you all right?
-Sorry?
-You slapped yourself just now.
-Your cheeks, your cheeks are red.
-Oh.
I guess…
-I did something that deserves it.
-Huh?
TANGERINES
[sighs]
[exhales]
[deep sigh]
[sniffs]
[grunts]
[Hye-jin] Eat it all,
down to the last drop.
[scoffs]
[coughs]
Oh.
[sniffs]
[clears throat]
[uplifting music]
[chuckles]
Seriously?
[laughs incredulously]
How can porridge taste like this?
[exclaims]
It couldn't possibly…
It couldn't get any worse.
Huh? How can you ruin something
that's just rice and water?
Oh, why is it sour?
[grunts]
And she wants me to finish it?
Where's her conscience?
Oh.
Okay, let's eat.
[chuckles]
Seriously?
[uplifting music continues]
[groans]
Mm.
I can't possibly finish it.
[grunts]
[sighs, coughs]
[gasps]
Huh?
Ms. Dentist, you…
[sighs]
Gosh, my head.
[exhales]
[plate thuds]
[sighs]
-[light music]
-[spoon clanking]
[spoon clinks]
[light music continues]
[exhales]
[grunts]
[sighs]
[exhales]
[deep sigh]
[Du-sik] What?
When did she leave this here?
[chuckles]
[exhales]
It sure is nice.
[inhales]
[light music continues]
Mm.
Pretty good.
[light music continues]
-Hi, Ms. Yeo.
-Dr. Yoon.
Are you here for some coffee?
Ah. Yeah.
Can I treat you to a coffee
at my restaurant?
-It'll just take ten minutes.
-Uh…
Sure.
-Doctor.
-[Hye-jin] Goodness.
-It's black coffee.
-Yeah.
They have all sorts of instant coffee.
I see. Well, thank you.
-[slurping]
-Thank you for helping Nam-suk.
I didn't do it because it was Ms. Cho.
He just seemed suspicious.
Did Nam-suk give you a call
and say thank you?
Of course not. Oh. I don't expect her too.
Gosh. She gets
on your nerves, doesn't she?
She spews a lot of nonsense.
She's the type to go and ask for trouble.
That I know.
The whole town knows that about her.
And you still just let it all slide.
-To be honest, she takes it a bit too far.
-Mm-hmm.
All the rumors were annoying enough,
but she really crossed the line
about my work.
-How could she get illegal tooth inlays…
-[sighs]
…and sell them to others?
She only thought she was doing some good
in the world.
What is she saving
all that money for anyway?
The thing is Nam-suk had a daughter
long ago.
Her name was A-ram.
[Hwa-jeong] She was the same age as Ju-ri.
[Nam-suk] Why don't we wash up a little?
-Beep.
-[both chuckle]
Beep, beep.
[laughs]
Yeah.
[sucking air]
[gasps]
Look how clean your hands are now.
How can my daughter have such pretty paws?
-Who do you get all this beauty from?
-Mama.
Mm. Mama's here. You're here. High five.
-Yay!
-[both laugh]
[Nam-suk] My girl even has
the prettiest fingers.
What kind of magic
will you show me this time around?
Mm, I'm gonna cast a spell to get healthy,
so that I can live with you
for many centuries.
-Wow, I want to cast that spell too.
-[both laugh]
-Let's try it together, huh?
-Sure.
One, two, three.
[both] Abracadabra.
[both] A-ram's superpower punch. Yup.
[both laugh]
-A-ram superpower. Oh.
-A-ram superpower. Yup.
-[man coughs]
-[shushing]
-[toy chimming]
-Goodness. Oop.
[both giggle]
Why don't we rest now?
Come here, my princess.
I love you.
[chuckles]
My darling, I love you endlessly.
♪ Twinkle, twinkle, little star ♪
[somber music]
[sobbing]
Abracadabra.
A-ram's superpower punch. Yup.
[toy chimes]
[sobbing]
[somber music continues]
[background chatter]
[Hwa-jeong] I-jun.
[both chuckle]
[Yeong-guk] He's so smart.
[Hwa-jeong] Oh.
GONGJIN KOREAN-CHINESE RESTAURANT
[sighs]
[Hwa-jeong] After she lost her daughter,
she wasn't herself for over a year.
She only found herself again
after she started
making donations in A-ram's name
to the children's hospital.
-She's been doing it yearly ever since.
-Unbelievable.
[Hwa-jeong] It may be because
we've seen her wither away,
-but her being a pain in the butt…
-Ju-ri!
…is better than the alternative.
[Hwa-jeong] We know it's only
because she's lonely.
I got you something for you here.
-There you go!
-[cheer]
[Hwa-jeong] So despite
all the trouble she causes,
I'd rather see her be all right.
[somber music continues]
[music fades]
-Can you open your mouth?
-What?
Open your mouth so I can check your inlay.
How can I do that on the street?
Well, then, come to the clinic.
[gentle music]
I need to see if that quack technician
did the job the right way.
All right.
[chuckles]
And if you do it again,
I'll report you both to the police.
[stutters]
Mm-hmm.
Come over later today.
Also, we'd like some free dumplings
now and again when we order tangsuyuk.
And stop taking
so many of these free packets of coffee.
[Hye-jin] I'll see you.
Uh… Mm. Thanks.
Sorry?
-Thank you.
-[scoffs]
Sure.
Please come by today.
Dr. Yoon, you look lovely.
-Thank you.
-[chuckles]
[JUNE] Wait for me.
-[In-u] Check out the seagulls.
-[JUNE] There are loads out here.
I haven't been to the sea in a while.
-This must be the place.
-[In-u] It is.
[tranquil music]
[JUNE] Wow.
[In-u] Look. check those out.
-[JUNE] What a cozy town.
-[In-u] I know.
Seong-hyeon, what do we do now?
Just be at ease, you know, and stylish.
-[JUNE] Stylish.
-[In-u] Stylish.
So, uh, what do you think?
Don't sweep your hair back?
-Try something else.
-Ah.
Don't discourage him.
-Jeez. What's so weird about that?
-Leave him alone.
[Chun-jae] As if there's anything to see.
-[Ju-ri] Ah! Seriously?
-[Chun-jae] Go alone then.
[Ju-ri] Come on. Don't be like that.
They must be here already.
-[Chun-jae] Gosh.
-[Ju-ri] Oh, I should have come sooner.
-[Chun-jae] Okay. All right.
-[Ju-ri] Shh. They must be filming.
[Chun-jae] Can you guys let Ju-ri…
Come on, let Ju-ri see.
Ju-ri, there's JUNE that you love
over there.
-I'll be here.
-[Ju-ri] Dad, I can't see.
[Chun-jae] Hold on a second. Step on that.
-There.
-It's JUNE there, your favorite!
-[Seong-hyeon] Shh, shh. Quiet, please.
-Oh. Shh, shh.
-Look, look, look.
-Be careful.
Careful now. I can't believe it.
[Nam-suk grunts]
-They remind me of my younger days.
-[Ju-ri] My gosh.
[Ji-won] It's taking a whole hour.
["One Sunny Day" by Kassy playing]
Oh, my gosh.
[chuckles]
-Is this working?
-I don't know.
-I'm doing it as fast as I can.
-[In-u] Just switched up your technique.
Chief Hong. What, what…
what are they filming?
-[Mi-seon] Can I come in?
-Yeah. Come on.
[Mi-seon chuckles]
["One Sunny Day" by Kassy playing]
[sighs]
[mouse clicks]
[wind gusting]
[exhales]
[suspenseful music]
[Hye-jin] The street light went out?
Dang it. Why won't my phone light work?
Oh. It literally just died.
I should've charged it.
[Hye-jin groans in annoyance]
[footsteps approaching]
[footsteps stop]
[shudders]
-[phone thuds]
-[gasps]
-[footsteps]
[foreboding music]
[pants]
[gasps]
Ms. Dentist?
[gentle music]
Your clinic closed hours ago.
You shouldn't be out so late.
[gentle music continues]
["Wish" by Choi Yu Ree playing]
[Hye-jin] I must be going nuts.
What's with me?
Whew.
[breathes deeply]
[exhales]
EAT IT ALL, DOWN TO THE LAST DROP
[closing theme music]
[Tae-hwa] So you're Chief Hong?
I'm Ms. Dentist--
I mean, Hye-jin's boyfriend.
Hello! I'm Ji Seong-hyeon,
Hye-jin's senior from college.
It's an honor to meet you, Father.
[all laugh]
[Tae-hwa] How long have you two met?
[Hye-jin] What's the matter now?
[Tae-hwa] It's nothing
personal against him,
but you shouldn't be seeing him.
-Dad.
-Break up before it gets any deeper.
[Seong-hyeon] Hye-jin,
when I go back down to Gongjin,
can you meet up with me?
[Tae-hwa] Do you like her a lot?
Yes.